add migration note for `TSAbstract` AST change (#3029)
babel/website: docs/v8-migration-api.md

  ```
  When `createParenthesizedExpression` is `false`, you can also use `node.extra.parenthesized` to detect whether `node` is wrapped in parentheses.

- Create `TSAbstractMethodDefinition` and `TSPropertyDefinition` when both `estree` and `typescript` parser plugins are enabled ([#16679](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/16679), [#17014](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/17014))

>   __Migration__: This breaking change is part of the efforts to support `typescript-eslint` for `@babel/eslint-parser`. For most Babel plugin developers you can safely ignore this change as it does not affect the typescript transform and codemod. That said, if you are trying to develop a custom `typescript-eslint` rule with `@babel/eslint-parser`, this change aligns the Babel AST to the `typescript-eslint` AST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  __Migration__: This breaking change is part of the efforts to libraries and ESLint plugins that can work both with `typescript-eslint` and `@babel/eslint-parser`. For most Babel plugin developers you can safely ignore this change as it does not affect the typescript transform and codemod. That said, if you are trying to develop a custom ESLint rule with `@babel/eslint-parser`, this change aligns the Babel AST to the `typescript-eslint` AST.
```
